RSKIP 326 - btcDestinationAddress to Base58 (#326)
rsksmart/RSKIPs: IPs/RSKIP326.md

|RSKIP          |326           |
| :------------ |:-------------|
|**Title**      |Change btcDestinationAddress format in `release_request_received` event from hash160 to base58 |
|**Created**    |21-JUNE-22 |
|**Author**     |KI |
|**Purpose**    |Usa |
|**Layer**      |Core |
|**Complexity** |1 |
|**Status**     |Draft |

## Abstract

As of now, the `btcDestinationAddress` field logged by the `release_request_received` event is a hash160 bytes format which is not user friendly. This RSKIP proposes updating the `btcDestinationAddress` field to the base58 string format.

## Motivation

These changes will improve the user experience of getting event information in a human readable/friendly format from the blockchain. 

## Specification

### Current signature:

```
release_request_received(address indexed sender, bytes btcDestinationAddress, uint256 amount)
```

The btcDestinationAddress field is currently in the hash160 bytes format.

### Proposed signature:

```
release_request_received(address indexed sender, string btcDestinationAddress, uint256 amount)
```

The btcDestinationAddress field will be in the base58 string format.

#### Data

> - sender: the rsk address of the sender

Reviewer: Maybe specify who the sender is, is it the user trying to do a pegout? Sending funds to the Bridge address?

Author: Resolved

- btcDestinationAddress: the destination address of where the btc will be sent

> - amount: the value of btc sent

Reviewer: In satoshis? Btc? Maybe it's good to clear it out

Author: Resolved

If `RSKIP326` is activated, the event will log the `btcDestinationAddress` field in the base58 string format.

## Backwards Compatibility

> This change is a hard-fork and therefore all full nodes must be updated. SPV light-clients and Block explorers do not need to be updated. 

Reviewer: If an explorer is decoding the events from the blockchain then it should be updated

Author: Resolved

> 

Reviewer: You could also add a reference to the RSKIP where this event was added

Author: Resolved

|RSKIP          |326           |
| :------------ |:-------------|
|**Title**      |Change btcDestinationAddress format in `release_request_received` event from hash160 to base58 |
|**Created**    |21-JUNE-22 |
|**Author**     |KI |
|**Purpose**    |Usa |
|**Layer**      |Core |
|**Complexity** |1 |
|**Status**     |Draft |

## Abstract

As of now, the `btcDestinationAddress` field logged by the `release_request_received` event is a hash160 bytes format which is not user friendly. This RSKIP proposes updating the `btcDestinationAddress` field to the base58 string format.

## Motivation

These changes will improve the user experience of getting event information in a human readable/friendly format from the blockchain. 

## Specification

### Current signature:

```
release_request_received(address indexed sender, bytes btcDestinationAddress, uint256 amount)
```

The btcDestinationAddress field is currently in the hash160 bytes format.

### Proposed signature:

```
release_request_received(address indexed sender, string btcDestinationAddress, uint256 amount)
```

The btcDestinationAddress field will be in the base58 string format.

#### Data

> - sender: the RSK address of the release requester.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- sender: the RSK address of the peg-out requester.
```
